doc: update to CAF sensor manager (#10628)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/caf_sensor_manager/README.rst

If you are running this sample on an SoC with multiple cores, the workload simulator module (``workload_sim``) is placed on the second core.
All communication between the cores is done using :ref:`event_manager_proxy` and Zephyr subsystem :file:`include/ipc/ipc_service.h`.

Configuration
*************

|config|

> Single core configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-core configuration
```

=========================

> For the MCU with multiple cores, the default configuration will use one core to simulate the sensor and the other core to process the sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the MCU with multiple cores, the default configuration uses one core to simulate the sensor and the other core to process the sensor.
```

> These multiple core MCU can support single core configuration, where the sensor is simulated and processed on the single, selected core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These multicore MCUs can support a single-core configuration, where the sensor is simulated and processed on a single, selected core.
```

> The configuration is placed in the :file:`boards/<board>_singlecore.conf file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is placed in the :file:`boards/<board>_singlecore.conf` file.
```
not sure if the 'file' after .conf was supposed to be kept as a part of the path
